in this video I will reveal the secret
to trading success and believe me it's
probably not what you're expecting to
become a successful trader he needs to
know this so make sure to watch the
entire video around 90% of all traders
lose money so only 10% manage to be
consistently profitable but what is it
that these successful 10% do different
than the failing 90% hopefully you will
know the answer by the end of this video
let's take a look at the typical trader
of the 90% losing traders most people
that a number in this losing category
stop are doing the following they're
somehow here about trading and like most
people that think about the fancy
lifestyle of a successful trader easy
money
from anywhere in the world expensive
cars and the list goes on filled with
motivation and greed these people who
sign up to the next best broker that
they probably found through some
misleading commercial some even watch
one or two random YouTube trading videos
before depositing their money to the
broker platform after signing up they
usually start buying random stocks due
to random reasons to their surprise the
stocks rarely shoot up in price more
from the not they exit their positions
with a loss before they know it they
become part of the 90% losing trader
group obviously not all losing traders
go through these stages but a big deal
of them do I'm not showing this to mock
the losing traders
I'm simply trying to compare losing to
winning traders my point is that
consistently profitable traders actually
know what they're doing they usually
have years of experience laid out and
test the trading system furthermore
profitable traders have a trading plan
and before they enter any trade they
know what they will do for changes in
their position in other words trading
isn't easy if it would be easy everyone
would be doing it let's compare trading
to other professions now
would you try to fly an airplane without
any guidance education and practice if
you would it would probably end through
quite bad or would you try to perform a
heart surgery without going to med
school without any practice experience
or education chances are high that you
answered no to the previous two
questions to become a surgeon or pilot
or anything else you normally need to go
through years of training studying and
practice why should this be different
for trading just like no one is born as
a perfect heart surgeon no one is born
as a perfect profitable trader you need
to study practice and work your way up
if you try to fly an airplane without
any education you would probably crash
and blow up the same goes for your
trading account trading without any
education usually leads to you blowing
up your account don't make the mistake
and risk your hard earned money without
educating yourself before the key
takeaway here is that you need education
to become a profitable trader the next
question is do you need paid education
or can you learn how to trade for free
both free and paid trading education
have their advantages and disadvantages
I will now present the differences and
pros and cons of paid and free trading
education first of other advantages of
paid education one major advantage of
paid education is the motivational
aspect people tend to be more committed
to things that they actually paid for
this is because they feel like something
is on the line a further advantage is
the focus on one strategy most good paid
trading courses focus on one strategy
and teach you everything important for
this strategy Morphin are not good paid
education is therefore more specific and
relevant than free education in other
words many paid trading courses of
higher quality than free courses in
addition to that premium costs often
come with personal support
let's move on to the advantages of free
education
the most obvious Pro is the fact that
it's free if the free education is bad
it doesn't matter because you didn't pay
anything for it
next up other disadvantages of the paid
trading courses first of all one
disadvantage is the fact that it costs
money therefore something is on the line
if the education is of poor quality you
wasted your money some of these
so-called trading courses even are scams
so be careful
another major disadvantage is the lack
of transparency many trading educators
earn all the money from their trading
education and nothing from that trading
just because someone tells you he is a
massively profitable trader does not
mean that he actually is the last but
not least the fact that paid education
is very specific is also a disadvantage
it is always good to have a wide general
knowledge most paid courses focus on
their strategies and ignore the bigger
picture lastly we have the cons of the
free education often free trading
courses can be less Tower therefore it
can generally be hard to find very good
and in-depth free trading courses thus
free education requires a little more
work before we move on I just want to
say that these pros and cons are
generalizations not all of the
advantages and disadvantages applied to
all free and paid trading courses
obviously there are exceptions as you
can see both free and paid trading
courses have their advantages and
disadvantages
it can be quite hard to pick one over
the other that's why I want to present
you my recommendation in my opinion it's
best to combine free and paid trading
education this will let you take
advantage of the pros of both free and
paid education I recommend starting with
free education though in my opinion all
basic trading concepts can be learned
from free education I do not recommend
spending any substantial amount
of money just to learn the basics you
should be able to learn very important
basic concepts like asset types basic
charting risk management and so on from
free education after doing this I
suggest asking some questions I are
still interested in trading are you
still willing to put in more work to
learn how to trade if yes what trading
style fits you aspects to consider here
are you starting capital time risk
tolerance and so on as you learned about
different asset types in step one you
should have an idea of what asset types
fits to you first
in step 3 I recommend looking at paid
training courses now you should already
have a fundamental understanding of
trading and the markets in general
ideally you should also have a preferred
asset type like options stocks currency
or whatever when trying to find a good
trading course you should do some
research try to find a course that fits
to you your starting capital at the time
and so on try to read many reviews look
for proven track records and success
stories generally if something sounds
too good to be true it probably is
please do yourself the favor and don't
skip the research part there are
countless scams out there so be careful
once again this is one of multiple ways
to learn how to trade I recommend doing
it like this but obviously you can do it
or differently as well for example you
could just pay for everything if you
have more than enough money but remember
only the very last step is trading don't
risk your hard earned money before you
actually know what you're doing
otherwise you will just end up like 90%
of all traders before starting to trade
real money you should have a good
understanding of trading at the markets
you should also have a proven profitable
system a concrete trading plan and you
should have had loads of education even
after you start
Trading you should try to continue to
learn more never follow random trade
alerts never rely on one or two random
indicators never listen to seemingly
magic trading software just do it the
right way actually educate yourself and
learn how to trade remember if it would
be easy
everyone will be doing it the last piece
of the puzzle is trading tree trading
like a profession and not like an innate
talent the secret to trading success is
the same as the secret to success in
general it's hard work experience
education taking action and practice
hopefully you enjoyed this video and
learned something new if you want to get
started with my free trading education
you can check out my site trade options
with me calm
I offer 100% free education on various
trading concepts for beginners to
advanced traders more specifically I
even offer a free course on options
trading I highly recommend checking it
out please let me know if you have any
questions comments or feedback in the
comment section below
otherwise thanks for watching
you